There are no issues till Turn 3. However, there is an accuracy issue in Turn 4.
The number 3 has been removed, so it should be calculated as 0 on the sum. The blank face
could be shown on the front when rolling the dice. So the model should calculate the
total number of possible outcomes for each roll as 6x6x6=216, not 6x6x5=180.


In turn 1, the model understands the main goal of the prompt and implements a piano keyboard that reproduce
sounds when pressed.

In turn 1, the model creates a pattern that is shown to the user, once displayed and the sounds reproduced
the user can enter it and the application checks if it is correct or not. 

In turn 1, the explanation is mostly correct and accurate, explaining how the keyboard works and how sounds are reproduced.

In turn 2, the model fully understands that the user would like to generate a gap between notes, and at the end of the explanation gives an option to adjust the code variables to allow a 300ms space between notes

In turn 2, the model generates a mostly correct explanation, that showcases how the



In turn 1, the model has a minor style issue because the piano has a container with a displayed border, which
does not look visually appealing to the user.

In turn 1, the model has a minor formatting issue because the keyboard could be dinamically created, this could
simplify the code, make it more readable, and more scalable.

In turn 1, the model has a minor incomplete code issue because when the game has not started yet and the piano is
played, and error message is displayed in the message section

In turn 1 and 2, the model has a minor verbosity issue because the written explanation is too long and doesn't allow
users to easily understand the key concepts

In turn 1, the model has a "Doesn't follow non-formatting constraints" issue because the prompt asks that each
sound must be spaced 300ms between them, in the implementation the sounds are spaced 100ms

In turn 1, the model has a "Doesn't understand user intent" issue because doesn't understand the user requirement
for spacing the notes

In turn 1, the model has a minor inaccurate claim because the code line "await new Promise(resolve => setTimeout(resolve, 300))"
doesn't introcude a 300ms delay between each note, this line allows the kay to remain highlighted while the sound
is being played.

In turn 2, the model has minor inaccurate claim because the playPattern function does not have a single
setTimeout function to control the timing between notes because the await statements are blocking code,
meaning that if the first setTimeout function is active the time between notes is affected.