There are no issues till Turn 3. However, there is an accuracy issue in Turn 4.
The number 3 has been removed, so it should be calculated as 0 on the sum. The blank face
could be shown on the front when rolling the dice. So the model should calculate the
total number of possible outcomes for each roll as 6x6x6=216, not 6x6x5=180.



In turn 1, the model satisfies all the user expectatives, creating a very helpful game that is alligned
with all the prompt requirements.

In turn 1, the model understands that when the bird flaps an impulse is applied to allow him to keep
flying. Then, the model creates obstacles that moves from right to left creating the illusion the bird
flies towards. An obstacle collision ends the game as required in the prompt.

In turn 2, the model removes the game-over condition for when the bird falls below the container's bottom.

In turn 3, the model fully understands the instructions. The # character is removed from the background-color property, and now the bird is blocked from flying outside the container boundaries as requested. The turn 3 does not have any issues.

In turn 3, the model understands that a pure CSS red star must be included in the response, following this constraint.



In turn 1, the model has a minor "Adds information that was not asked for." issue because the prompt
does not ask the game must end when the bird falls, only when an obstacle is hit.

In turns 1 and 2, the model has a minor incomplete code issue because the body background color propertie
is set as "#lightblue". This value does not exist and is incorrect, the "#" character must be removed.

In turn 2, the model has a minor incomplete code issue because removing the game-over condition
doesn't involve the bird can fall below the game container boundaries. It should remain visible

In turn 4, the model has an incomplete code issue because the bonus star is not positioned correctly
between the obstacles as requested in the prompt.

In turn 4, the model has a "Doesn't follow non-formatting constraints" issue because the model does not
position the star in the required place.

In turn 4, the model has a "Doesn't understand user intent" issue because the star is not positioned
in the gap between obstacles and its functionality can't be tested