There are no issues till Turn 3. However, there is an accuracy issue in Turn 4.
The number 3 has been removed, so it should be calculated as 0 on the sum. The blank face
could be shown on the front when rolling the dice. So the model should calculate the
total number of possible outcomes for each roll as 6x6x6=216, not 6x6x5=180.


Turn 1 understands the requirements for creating a 5x5 grid that can be filled in alternating
turns by two different players.

Turn 1 successfully implements the game mechanincs for fillin the corresponding cell with the
current player's color.

Turn 1 ends the game when there are no more available cells.

Turn 2 correctly implements the ending condition, now the game finishes only when no more cells
are available.

Turn 2 seems to understand better the wining conditions than Turn 1 because in tries to evaluate
chained cells.


Incorrect condition: Turn 1 implements an incorrect winning condition since the code checks
for complete rows, columns, or diagonals with the same color. This is not the requested winning 
condition.

Wrong logical direction: Turn 1 does not implement the requested game, the game ends when a row,
column, or diagonal is filled with the same color, leaving available cells.

Doesn't understand the user intent: in the turn 1 the model does not understand that the main
goal of the game is to achieve the longest cell chain in any possible direction.

Doesn't understand the user intent: in Turn 1 the model does not return brief explanations as
required

Incorrect code: In turn 2 the game is not able to evaluate which player has the longest chained
cells, leading to incorrect winners or draws when it is a clear winner.

Incorrect loop: in Turn 2, the loop inside the checkChain method checks only for chains within a single row
or column, but a chain can be achieved in multiple rows and columns at the same time.

Wrong logical direction: in Turn 2, the winner is not correctly calculated because chains are
only counted if cells are withing the same row or column.
