There are no issues till Turn 3. However, there is an accuracy issue in Turn 4.
The number 3 has been removed, so it should be calculated as 0 on the sum. The blank face
could be shown on the front when rolling the dice. So the model should calculate the
total number of possible outcomes for each roll as 6x6x6=216, not 6x6x5=180.



Turn 1 implements an scrambled word that has to be reordered and displays it in corner rounded cards
as the prompt requests. 

Turn 1 seems to understand the main game objective since displayes corner rounded cards to include
letters and a check button to ensure the word is correct.

Turn 1 dinamically generates the corresponding cards according to the word letters enabling
the game to be scaled.

Turn 3 removes all the logic related to the dragging system, following the prompt's instruction.

Turn 3 modifies the ordered word cards to be editable, now the game can be played and the word
can be ordered as the initial prompt required.

Turn 4 adds new words to a words array so now when the first word is ordered, new words appear and the game can continue.




Turn 1 has an incorrect code error because the letters can't be written or dragged inside the
ordered word fields, making the game impossible to play.

Turn 1 has a "Doesn't follow non-formatting constraints" because the letters can't be written in the
ordered word cards as the prompt required

Turn 1 Adds information that was not asked for because the prompt does not asks that the cards have to
be dragged.

Turn 2 Doesn't understand user intent because the prompt is clear explaining the fields can't be edited
and the solution does not solve the described issue.

Turn 2 has an incorrect code error because the letters can't be written or dragged inside the
ordered word fields, making the game impossible to play.

Turn 4 Doesn't understand user intent because the suggestion for including external libraries is related
to selecting new words from the library, not using the library to select words from a fixed array.
