In turn 1, the model fully understands that the application has to be split into individual files
for components, the slice, and the store.

In turn 1, the model implementation is split and can be fully executed without any execution issue.

In turn 2, the model understands the instructions and tries to implement a nav bar that displays all
the available resources directly without a resources individual page as in the previous code.

In turn 2, all the explanations are factually correct, ignoring that the actual implemetation does
not work as required

In turn 4, the desired behavior is achieved. Now the application renders the available resources pages
in the navbar and each can be accessed from the home page and each of the resources individual pages.
All the described issues are solved.

In turn 5, the model fully understands the prompt requirements, removing the undesired parenthesis and
back slash charaters that cause the issues and wrapping the variable in brakets to render the JS value
inside the JSX syntax.



In turn 1, the model Doesn't understand user intent because the prompt requires the navbar must be
visible directly from the home component and each individual resources pages. The application keeps
the original behavior and has not changes regarding that specific prompt instructions.

In turn 1, the response has a Partial Fulfillment issue because only the code splitting instruction
was correctly achieved, the other instruction was fully ignored.


In turn 2, the model has an Incorrect Code issue, when the dynamic route is accessed the resource
page can't be found making the entire application to be flawed.


In turn 3, the model breaks more the code creating another Incorrect Code issue. Now the entire
appliation can be rendered. The problem is caused due to the code tries to access the store
information on a higher hierarchy level where the Provider component is not defined. This makes the
information unaccessible and the entire application to fail.