There are no issues till Turn 3. However, there is an accuracy issue in Turn 4.
The number 3 has been removed, so it should be calculated as 0 on the sum. The blank face
could be shown on the front when rolling the dice. So the model should calculate the
total number of possible outcomes for each roll as 6x6x6=216, not 6x6x5=180.

In turn 1, the model successfully achieves the wide screen layout as requested, it included a header, a product
section, and a footer section. The product section contains corner rounded cards and the requested
information (placeholder image, title, price, description, and an add to cart button)

In Turn 1, the model successfully achieves hiding the description for narrower screens as requested


Turn 1 has an incorrect code error (Accuracy) because the media query applies the flex-direction property to
vertically align the products to the products-container class, not to the products id selector which
is the HTML tag that contains the products. This brakes the responsiveness of the code to work as requested

Turn 1 has a misleading claim (Accuracy) because the min-width propertie set on the media query
does not allow cards to take full width, as the comment expresses. The min-with propertie does not limit
a box width on its maximum allowed with, it limits on its minimum witdh.


Turn 2 has still an incorrect code error (Accuracy) because the media query is still applying the same
flawed styles that does not allow the products to be vertically aligned one below each other

Turn 2 also has a major inaccuracy issue since it claims that the flex-wrap property was erased
from the inline style while this is not true, that property is still present in the delivered code.

Turn 2 has a misleading issue since removing the flex-wrap: nowrap property does not allow the items
to wrap when they exceed the container witdh, the flex-warp: wrap property does so.

Turn 2 has an analytical thinking issue since the second CSS Media Query modification explanation
is not decomposing the reasoning into smaller peaces appropiately, the flex-direction: column
property is not applied to the product-card parent (which is the products id element)
