- I would like to build an educative application (with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript)
to teach children to count from 1 to 10 and identify which number corresponds to
the scratched element. At the top left corner, a random number from 1 to 10 must appear,
it should be huge and bold. Then, centered in the window the same quantity of corresponding
objects must appear. Let's implement this for now.

- Great! now I want all the objects to be the same within each turn, but the displayed object must be random on each turn.

- Now I want to implement an scrathing feature, where the scrathing order must be respected from the
first to the last element. Any following object can be marked if all the previous are.
When each object is scratched, a red dash must be positioned over the object and the corresponding
number must be presented on top of the object for 2 seconds.




The model fully understands the prompt requirements in turn 1, it returns a random number from
1 to 10 and then produces the same quantity of the required objects. Also, the objects can be circles,
squares, triangles, and stars.

The model fully understands and implements the prompt requirements in turn 2. Now all the shapes are the same object
within the same turn but are randomly generated when the page is reloaded. The explanation is clear
and concise.

The model tries to implement the red dash for the objects and is successfully applied for most figures except the triangle.




Turns 1 and 3 have a verbosity issue because the textual explanation is execively long given the application
complexity, it explains almost every code line which should not be. The model should focus on explaining
the key concepts of the application regarding the prompt instructions.

Turn 3 has a "Doesn'T Understand User Intent" because the model positions the number on top of the object
but refers to position it in front of the object, which the user intention is to position the number above the
object

Turn 3 has an Incomplete code issue because the red dash does not appear in the triangles.

Turn 4 has a Major Inaccuracy because the explanation about why the red dash is not visible for the triangles
is not true. It is caused because the dash relies on the parent's dimensions to calculate its width, since the
tirangle is created only with borders, the box has 0x0 dimensions and the dash is not visible.

Turn 4 has an Incomplete code issue because of the same reasons