In turn 1, the model tries tom implement the requested application. It provides a redux implementation
that uses redux-toolkit to handle an apiSlice slice with a resourses state and others. The model also tries
to create a navbar to handle all the independent web pages for each of the retrieved links.

In turn 2, the model fixes the execution error exporting the App component and now the application
renders. It displays an available resources page where individual resources pages can be accessed.



In turn 1, the model has an Incorrect Code issue because the generated application in a React with Vite
environment is not able to run. The App.jsx file does not export the App component which is crucial
for the main component to render. Without this export the application won't run.

In turn 1, the model has a Undefined Method/Variable and a Import Error issue because a React application created with Vite
requires an exported App component. Since the provided App.jsx file does not exports the App component,
the main component is not able to import it, producing a dependencies import error.

In turn 1, the model has an Environment Assumption Error because the model assumes that rendering the
app component directly from the App.jsx file is sufficient to execute the application. In a Vite
application this produces an error.

In turn 1, the model has a Readability issue because the provided code is all written in the same file. Usually, a Redux-toolkit implementation involves separate files for slices and the store. Also separate components are usually defined in independent files.

In turn 1, the model has a Confusing Structure, first it provides an implementation and then generates another implementation, making very confusing.

In turn 1, the model has an Inconsistent Structure issue because the response does not have a correct and easy to follow logical flow. First provides an flawed implementation, then an explanatory section, then another flawed code section, and finally another explanatory section.

In turns 1 and 2, the model has a Doesn't follow formatting constraints issue because the first prompt asks that the nav bar that contains all the available resources can be accessed from all the pages, while it only appears in an individual "...url/resourses" route

In turn 2, the model has an Incomplete Code issue because the URL do not corresponds to the retrieved URLs from the API, it is only non functional text that refers to the URL.







I want to implement a React with JavaScript application to integrate a real API found in the URL "https://rickandmortyapi.com/api". This URL returns information about all the available API resources through a GET HTTP request.

I want to use the redux toolkit in a Vite application, to store the available resources and generate an independent page to display the found URLs, accessible through a nav bar that is present in all the individual pages. The individual pages must display only the corresponding URL found in the API call.

Return only the complete application and concise steps to install it.