- I want to develop a React component with JavaScript and Vite to display introductory messages. The messages should be displayed dynamically so the component must receive a messages array with varying length.

Each message must be positioned inside a colored container, then each container must appear underneath and slide up to the final position. Each new message must cover the previously positioned message. The sequence must be repeated infinitely.

Provide the complete code and only one paragraph explanation.


- The code you provided produces containers that slide up to the final position and have the desired text (this was seen on the browser inspector), but nothing can be seen, no message or colored container is visible. Fix this issue.

Also, I want to use the message component in the App.jsx file so, generate the code of the App component.

- Now I want the messages to have a fixed container size so all of them have the same dimensions and final position. Also, the containers' movement must end in its final position (up) so new messages are positioned in front of them, no down movement must be performed.

- The sliding movement from down to up is no longer visible, please ensure that this movement is accurately performed.


The model understands the prompt intructions because the implementation produces DOM elements that
slides up and have the corresponding message.

The model solves the pointed issue, now the content is visible and the messages slides as requested
when appearing.



Turn 1 has a Major Incorrect Code Output issue because the entire provided implementation produces
a blank output and nothing can be seen. 

Turn 1 has a Environment Assumption Error because in a Vite application the content is better
positioned inside the App component.

Turn 1 lacks specificity because it does not provides a comment indicating which file corresponds
each code.

Turn 2 solves the previous turn issue but now the messages moves down and disappear from below. This
corresponds to an "incomplete code" and a "Adds information that was not requested for", because the
behavior is not as desired in the first prompt, and it was not requested that messages do the same
sliding movement to disappear.

Turn 3 has a Wrong logical direction issue because the model removes the entire movement when only the
last part of the movement was asked to be removed. Also, the message boxes have not a fixed dimension

In turn 3 the model expects the animation to be performed but it not so it corresponds to a
Mismatched Code Execution Result.

Turn 4 has a Redundant Information Generation issue because the App component does not have changes
and it is returned again.