- I have a web platform for children to learn counting numbers. I want to implement new features to improve the functionality and usability of the application, it currently allows children to click and scratch a certain number of objects and displays the corresponding number of each object above it.

Now, I want to implement a screen reader only for the numbers so the children know how each is pronounced and start associating its sound with the corresponding symbol. You can use NVDA or any other free library that you consider. Ensure the number is actually read so the user can hear the sound.

Return the complete code and only one explanatory paragraph.


- Great! Now I want to read the message "Scratch the objects in order" when a wrong object is clicked, this ensures kids can understand what the next step is.

- Now, I want to highlight the next object the children have to click in, only when a wrong object is clicked. The object must move above and go back to its position 3 times in 2 seconds. Return the complete code.




The model in turn 1 fully understands the prompt requirements and implements a voice that reads
the displayed number after clicking on each object. The implementation fully satisfies the prompt
requirements

In turn 2, the model implements the read message feature so the children can understand the message

It is good that the model implements error handling for the speech feature to ensure speechSynthesis
is available before using it.

The model seems to understand the instruction because it implements an animation to move the object
above and below repeated times



Turns 3 and 4 have a Mismatched Code Execution Result issue becuase the model expects the object to
move 3
times when it only moves 2.

Turns 3 and 4 have a "Doesn't follow non-formatting constraints" issue because the object does not move 3
times as requested. This is caused because the code only defines 2 movements in the highlight
keyframe.

Turn 4 has an incomplete code error because the modifications made do not makes the object to move 3 times
as required