There are no issues till Turn 3. However, there is an accuracy issue in Turn 4.
The number 3 has been removed, so it should be calculated as 0 on the sum. The blank face
could be shown on the front when rolling the dice. So the model should calculate the
total number of possible outcomes for each roll as 6x6x6=216, not 6x6x5=180.



In turn 1, the model understands that a flying plane must elevate with the spacebar and must start falling when the spacebar is released

In turn 1, the model understands that the plane must have an integrated weapon that can shot bullets with the mouse click.

In turn 1, the model understands and implements coming objects that can be destroyed with the bullets and that makes the game over when hit the plane.

In turn 1, the model understands that the coming objects can't be bigger than the 5% of the window's height.

In turn 1, the model explains correctly and precisely how the code works and produces the flying plane that can shot coming objects.

In turn 2, the model restricts the plane's height to the 5% of the window's height.

In turn 3, the model removes any minimum dimension restrictions, now each object has only the maximum dimension restriction.




In turn 1, the model Doesn't follow formatting constraints because the prompt asked that all the
objects in the window must not be bigger than the 5% of the window's height, the plane is bigger
and is an object.

In turn 1, the model has a visual code output error because the plane representation is only a
red square while it should be plane. The image does not produce an useful visualization

In turn 1, the mdoel has an incomplete code issue because the plane is bigger than the 5% of the
window's height, causing the entire game to be visually unconformtable.

In turn 1, the model adds inforamtion that is not requested, the coming objects can have a minimum
dimensions that 10 pixels which does not satisfy the prompt requirements.

In turn 2, the model does not understands the user intent because the prompt talks about dimension
restrictions, which involves both width and height. Only the height is restricted.

In turn 4, the model has an incorrect code issue because the generated shape is wierd and does not
seems a plane. Also, the generated image is bigger thant the previous dimension restriction applied,

In turn 4, the collision detection between the plane and the object is broken, making the game to
detect a collision when the object has not reached the colored parts of the plane yet.



- Then, 
- 
- 