There are no issues till Turn 3. However, there is an accuracy issue in Turn 4.
The number 3 has been removed, so it should be calculated as 0 on the sum. The blank face
could be shown on the front when rolling the dice. So the model should calculate the
total number of possible outcomes for each roll as 6x6x6=216, not 6x6x5=180.


Turn 1 successfully creates a spining component in React that is separated from the App
component as requested. It has a colored gradient that goes from transparent to blue

Turn 2 successfully removes or hides the inner coninc gradient of the previous turn, now the
loading component only has the coninc gradient in the border as desired.

Turn 3 achieves to create the outer border as a circle, as the prompt requires.

Turn 4 generates the desired shape. Now, the Loading component gives the illusion of an spining
ring with a colored gradient inside that goes from transparent at 0 degrees to blue at 360 degrees




Turn 1 has an incomplete code error since the model acheives some required features, but the
component does not generates a ring with a colored gradient. The component has a wierd shape
that seems to have 2 gradients, one in the border and other in the background.

Turn 2 takes a wrong logical direction since the expected output is a ring with a conic gradient
inside and the model delivers a rectangle with a conic gradient inside.

Turn 3 has an incomplete code error since the inner border of the ring is not circular. This breaks
the desired illusion of a spinning ring.

Turn 1,2 and 3 has "Doesn't understand user intent" error since the prompt is clear with asking a ring,
the generated shape is not a ring because the center is not of the color of the background.

Turn 4 is correct but adds information that was not requested. There is redundant code that
creates the inner circle with a black background.

Turn 4 doesn't understand the user intent because the prompt requires the background must be
as the same color of the background and it implements a black background, which is covered with
the mask.

Turn 5 has a misleading claim because it explains correctly how the gradients are applied but
this is not the actual behavior of the code since it is redundant and the shown effect is created
by the mask propertie, not the linear gradient.

Turn 5 has a incorrect decomposition of the problem into smaller pieces because the model does not
find the correct reasons that generate the ring illusion.