There are no issues till Turn 3. However, there is an accuracy issue in Turn 4.
The number 3 has been removed, so it should be calculated as 0 on the sum. The blank face
could be shown on the front when rolling the dice. So the model should calculate the
total number of possible outcomes for each roll as 6x6x6=216, not 6x6x5=180.


Turn 1 implements the described grids, the grid on the rigth shows the colored cells that have
to be memorized, the grid on the rigth allows the user to click on the empty cells to color them.

Turn 1 implements the start button that starts the memorization phase of the game, and a finish
button to end the game turn.

Turn 1 evaluates correctly when the game is won.

Turn 2 modifies the flawed logic that caused the previous turns colored cells to remain active.
Now only 10 random cells are colored in each turn.

Turn 3 displays the colored cells before the start button is clicked as requested in the prompt.

Turn 4 allows the game to be played indefintely, now the finish button displays 10 new colored
cells on the rigth grid.

Turn 5 finally implements the desired behavior, now the game can be undefinitely played, each
turn prints a new pattern to be memorized, and the right grid is clear to enter the learned
pattern.






Doesn't understand user intent: in turn 1, the model shows the colored cells once the start
button is clicked, and then it hides the entire grid. This is not the user intent because the
prompt asks to hide the grid when the button is clicked, which implies the colored cells must
be present before the button is clicked.

Doesn't follow formatting constraints: in turn 1, the prompt requires the textual explanations
must be brief but the model provides an extensive explanation.

Doesn't follow non-formatting constraints: in turn 1, the prompt ask to color only 10 cells but
the model colors more than 10 after the first turn.

Incomplete code: in turn 1, the cells for subsequent turns are not cleared, making new turns to
have more than the requested colored cells

Incomplete code: in turn 3, the model removes the logic that allowed to play multiple turns,
now once the first turn is finished the game can't be played anymore

Doesn't understand user intent: In turn 4 the main purpose of starting new turns is to have a
reset grid every time a new turn starts, the rigth grid is not reset so the colored cells remain
from previous turns.

