There are no issues till Turn 3. However, there is an accuracy issue in Turn 4.
The number 3 has been removed, so it should be calculated as 0 on the sum. The blank face
could be shown on the front when rolling the dice. So the model should calculate the
total number of possible outcomes for each roll as 6x6x6=216, not 6x6x5=180.


Turn 1 simulates effectively a planetary movement between a fixed star and one planet.
The calculated positions, velocities, accelerations, and forces are calculated precisely in both
X and Y axis, producing an accurate movement.

Turn 1 implements a control form to update the planet mass and velocity as requested, it works as
expected.

Turn 2 calculates the correct circularOrbitSpeed that produces the required movement. Now the planet
initially moves circularly around the star.

Turn 3 includes a new planet and calculates the corresponding initial speed to produce a circular circular orbit



Turn 1 has a misleading claim because it explains the gravitational constant was scaled down for
visual effect while it is scaled up, since its value is 9 magnitud orders higher than the real value

Turn 1 has an ambiguity error because the starRadius variable has a comment that says
"Half of the width/height" which is ambiguous and incorrect, it is not the half dimension related to
other object, actually is double the planet dimansion.

Turn 1 has an ambiguity error because the planetRadius variable has a comment that says
"Half of the width/height" which is ambiguous and can lead to confusions, it is half the starRadius.

Turn 1 has a "Doesn't understand user intent" error because the model does not understand that the user
asks about simulating planets movement, which implies at least two simulated planets. The clarification
"The star and one planet" is misunderstood, it only implies that the gravitational interaction
must be calculated between two bodies.

Turn 3 has an undefined variable error because the "planetRadius" variable is called inside the
updateSinglePlanet method but it does not exists.

Turn 3 has an incorrect code error because the undefined variable produces the entire code to fail
and now the simulation does not work.
