There are no issues till Turn 3. However, there is an accuracy issue in Turn 4.
The number 3 has been removed, so it should be calculated as 0 on the sum. The blank face
could be shown on the front when rolling the dice. So the model should calculate the
total number of possible outcomes for each roll as 6x6x6=216, not 6x6x5=180.


Turn 1 handles almost all the requirements successfully, it creates 20 cards with 10 pairs of
different numbers, each number hidden and revealed when the card is pressed. The model understands
the requirement to hide the pair after 0.5 seconds if the cards are different, and keep the
found pairs revealed. Also the game implements the timing functionality as requested, adding and
subtracting the corresponding time.

Turn 1 provides a clear and detailed explanation about how the game works, it is very precise on
describing how each code file and key feature works (e,g it explains the 3d flipping effect, how the
cards are randomnly generated, how the timer works, and so on).

Turn 1 has an incomplete code error because the game is not ended when the time is over. The cards
can still be flipped, the pairs can be found, and the game can be won. This exposes an incomplete
game over implementation that does not block the cards when the time ends.

Turn 1 has an instruction followin error because a game over implies the game can't be played and
won, this does not makes sense; the model failed to understand the user intent.

Turn 2 implements all the requirements, the cards are blocked so any can't be revealed when the
game has been won or lost. The play again button is included and restarts all the game's initial
conditions as required (which implies restarting the timer, the flipped cards, and so on)

Turn 2 adds information that was not asked for, pausing the game when the 2 different cards are
flipped (Inside the unmatched function). This blocks the timer in an undesired way, potentially
giving more time to the player if if the setinterval function is executed when the game is paused.

The error explained above can be clasified as a wrong logical direction issue, since the game should
not be paused to block the cards from flipping, the cards are already blocked when 2 of them are
selected due to the conditional inside the flipCard method.
