There are no issues till Turn 3. However, there is an accuracy issue in Turn 4.
The number 3 has been removed, so it should be calculated as 0 on the sum. The blank face
could be shown on the front when rolling the dice. So the model should calculate the
total number of possible outcomes for each roll as 6x6x6=216, not 6x6x5=180.


In turn 1, the model seems to understand the increasing/decreasing difficulty system and heads the code modifications
to achieve the main goals.

In turn 1, when the incorrect syntax is removed, the application can be executed and the required modifications
can be verified, now when the player enters a correct pattern the difficulty is increased, and when not it is
decreased.

In turn 2, the model understands which characters have to be removed, now the game can be played as required in
the initial prompt.

In turn 2, the model prevents an edgecase when the player keeps missing the pattern, a negative patternLength
value is prevented.

In turn 3, the model implements correctly the timer feature. It counts precisely how much remaining time the 
player has, if the player is correct 5 seconds are added to the remaining time, if is incorrect 10 seconds are
subtracted.

In turn 3, the model prevents an edgecase when the timer is less than 10 seconds and negative timeLeft values
are prevented.



In turn 1, the model has a Constant value error because it adds backslash characters in the notes constant,
using an incorrect syntax.

In turn 1, the model has a major incorrect code issue because due to the incorrect syntax used in the notes object, 
the game can't be executed

In turn 3, the model has an incorrect branching issue because the conditional statements that prevent negative
timeLeft values should be written as if-else, not as if-if.

In turn 4 and 5, the model has a "Doesn't understand user intent" issue because any modification is made to the code,
this exhibits the model did not understand the meaning of the prompt.

INSTRUCTION FOLLOWING FOR TURN 1